updated with recent comments (#508)
mate-academy/layout_catalog: checklist.md

- remember about hover effects
- one `h1` tag per page
- don't forget about semantics, div development is not a better option 
- follow BEM principles:
>**WRONG WAY**
>```html
><div class="product__rating">
>  <div class="product__stars stars--4">
>    <div class="star"></div>
>    <div class="star"></div>
>    <div class="star"></div>
>    <div class="star"></div>
>    <div class="star"></div>
>  </div>
></div>
>```
>there is no `stars` block, `stars--4` is a modificator of the `stars` block;
>`star` is another block, stars should be the elements of the `stars` block
>
>**RIGHT WAY**
>```html
><div class="product__rating">
>  <div class="product__stars stars">
>    <div class="stars__star"></div>
>    <div class="stars__star"></div>
>    <div class="stars__star"></div>
>    <div class="stars__star"></div>
>    <div class="stars__star"></div>
>  </div>
></div>
>```

> - BEM block should not use margins, add them to the external block

Author: что такое mix тут?

- BEM block should have its own styles file that have the same name as the block
- if you want to reset default styles, do it in `_reset.scss` file
- if you need margins only for bottom side, use `margin-bottom: 20px` not `margin: 0 0 20px`
- think about your layout if there is some small changes in the design (like header height or card width)

> - if you want to make round corners, use half of the element height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if you want to round corners the radius should n't be greater than a half of a width or a height
```
